testimony.
I tell you the Holy Spirit is at work in this ministry and God is blessing us and speaking to us.
I've been to that church many times to preaching in the village and God has really moved and it's just more and more proof of what God is saying in these times and speaking through his servant, amen.
And I'm so excited when professor and all of us are becoming teachers and all of us are becoming ministers of the word of God.
And I thank God that you are a great man of God.
And I thank God that you are becoming a great woman of God.
And I believe that, you know, what Pastor Randy said was the word pierced my heart.
And I believe this afternoon somebody's heart is about to be pierced.
And I believe that somebody's soul is about to be changed.
The Bible says the scriptures are able to make you wise.
They have an ability to make you wise.
So whatever foolishness you came to church with this afternoon, the power of the scriptures, the power of the preaching, the power of the Holy Spirit is going to pierce your heart and transform you.
Are you ready for those of the scriptures?
Are you ready for the prophetic?
Are you ready for a word from heaven?
I didn't hear you.
I said, are you ready for a word from heaven?
Then give the Lord a shout of expectancy.
I shout the faith, I shout the praise as we welcome to the stage the man of God of the hour, the voice that God is speaking to you through it in the name of Jesus.
It's impossible when you put maybe it's your first time in church.
This is our song of faith.
Lift your hand, lift your voice and declare we trust in this man.
Is there anything too hard for God?
Then put your trust in God alone and rest upon His word.
Rest upon His word.
I feel expected.
I feel excited.
I feel God is about to move.
Let's sing it one more time.
Lift your voices and sing.
Nothing is impossible.
It's impossible.
I don't know which problem you came here with, but nothing is impossible.
Now, speak to your circumstance.
Speak to your problems.
Say, hack into the voice.
Is there anything to harm?
Every heart of faith, lift your hand.
Put your trust in God alone.
First love chest, let me hear you declare.
Thank you Lord for your blessing today.
In the name of Jesus we pray.
Amen.
Now, today I want to share with you on the seven supernatural powers of a father.
Now, that was a powerful testimony from a pastor.
Is it a church called Charis?
The company was called Charis.
Grace Citadel.
It will only go brighter and brighter.
Jesus' name.
Well, seven supernatural powers of a father.
Now, why am I sharing about this?
Because a father and you, a son, whether it's a spiritual father, biological, whatever type, ministry father,
is often not, we don't often realize that the father is more of a source of the things we are working for than the work we are doing.
Can I say that again?
I'm saying that we don't realize that the father is more of a source
of the things we want, like maybe you want money.
But if your father, your father is more of a source of the money than the work you are doing.
Do you see?
We want peace, but the father is often more of a source of that peace than the efforts you are making in other directions.
And people don't realize that.
they tend to say the father is not relevant or not whatever.
One pastor said to me, he was a businessman and he got himself into a whole lot of debt and he said his father died without debt but he despised his father and went
more and more into debt, you see, until he was swimming and unable to come out of the pool of debt.
And many times, your father is more of a source of the things you are working for.
Trust me, the books you are reading about love and marriage, your father may be more of a source of love and happiness.
and peace than the efforts you are making by reading books.
But anyway, it doesn't look that way, but that's what it is.
All right?
So in this short, this is just a short message, but I'm just showing you the powers that a father has, okay?
Because if you see, if you recognize the power that a father has, you'll be more careful in relation to the father to get
what the father has that he can directly or indirectly create or do or cause to happen in your life.
So let's start quickly.
Number one, your father is a stepping stone.
He has the power of a stepping stone.
Do you see?
Now look chapter two verse 34.
Simeon blessed them and said to marry his mother, behold, this
child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel and for a sign which shall be spoken against.
All right?
So a person can be set for the rise or a fall.
Somebody can cause you to rise and can cause you to fall.
And that's how fathers are.
They can cause you to rise.
If your father insists that you go to school, okay?
He is causing you to rise, but you don't realize that he's causing you to rise.
Do you understand?
He's causing you to rise by making you go to school.
You get it?
So a father can be the cause of your rise.
If I look in the ministry, when I look at Kenneth Hagen,
right, he became to me the cause of a rise, one day in Suhum, when I was listening to him preaching in 1988, 31 years ago.
And I had grown to like listening to him.
I'm more comfortable with the tape on than off.
And I listened to his stories always
I don't know what I was hoping for, to hear something new or I don't know what, but I just liked it.
So that night, at about 2 a.m., something jumped out of the tape and entered my stomach.
A bit like a sandwich, like something, it went in.
And then I heard a voice, and the voice said, from today you can teach.
From today, you can teach.
This is in 1988, I was a student, final year medical school.
I would add about seven months to qualify.
And from that day, I believed it, that I could teach.
And then I started to teach.
I was already teaching, but it was like I was empowered to teach.
You see, like our brother was saying when I said, what did he say I said?
God needs people or whatever.
That power to enter someone who is giving himself to money and to make the person change his life.
That thing is a power.
It's not just what is being said, the English words.
But that power is the power that comes with teaching and feeding.
That is different from just the knowledge or the facts.
that are being shared at any point in time.
You see, so when he said from today you can teach, I receive a kind of power and there's a kind of power in my teaching that draws people.
Like this boy sitting here is from Cayana and I just look and there are people from everywhere different and they are drawn to come and to just be.
This one is from Rwanda and this one is from where?
There are also Rwanda, different places, also Rwanda, yeah.
You know, so that power, so Kenneth Hagen asked a father to me, caused me to rise in the ministry.
Yeah, caused me to rise in the ministry.
So a father, you know, and one day when I was in Tulsa, Oklahoma, the Lord said to me to go and honor Kenneth Hagen with an offering.
But that day, he was sharing a testimony of how that year, his type was, I think, 27 million or some amount of something like that.
So when I calculate type is 10%.
So 10% is 27.
Then 100% is 200 and something.
So I was calculating and I said, hey, so much more offering.
It cannot really do much.
So I decided not to give the offering.
That in the night, especially in the morning at dawn,
The Holy Spirit woke me up and started to rebuke me.
But the main thing that, and I started crying, I don't cry easily.
I don't cry easily.
If I'm crying, it means that whatever has happened, always happening, it's a very, very...
It has a certain effect on me because I don't just cry.
There are people just crying.
I'm not in that group.
I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but I'm just saying that I'm not in that group.
If you see me cry, then it means something really has affected me.
Yes.
So that day was a day like that.
And the Lord told me that everything I am and everything I have is from this man.
Yes.
And that I wouldn't go and honor him.
So I cried like a baby.
in the hotel room.
And I went, that's the power of a father.
It can make you rise.
Yes.
If I don't introduce Ida, you will never know her.
I'm so sorry to tell you that.
You will never know her.
Or any of the people that work for me, you will never know them.
If I don't introduce them to you, you'll never know them.
And they will never be important.
And every singer here and everybody who is
I am a father too.
If I don't feature you, you get it.
That is it.
It's true.
That's a fact.
But people are not conscious of the fact that the promotion is rather coming through this person and not through your efforts.
Because you may make all the effort, but if you are not, you see, that's why ASEAN, we heard of him when Mourinho liked him and he was working.
Because other people may not have chosen him.
So you can play whatever type of shorts, but they don't choose you.
So I'm just explaining that.
That's how a father is.
And even though you may not know exactly how the person causes your rise,
or fall, you see, we must fear it.
And because people don't fear it and don't recognize it.
They don't recognize where their power comes from or where the rise is coming from.
They don't honor it.
That's why I started teaching the First Love Church to honor me as their father and their prophet because the UD people, the older people, I didn't teach them that.
I just sort of let them, you should know.
My mind is more that you should know.
It's up to you to know.
If you know, you know.
That's been more of my mind that if you don't know, then it's up to you.
But I realized that maybe there's a mistake also in that.
I mean, I have to teach the people that look, this is from here.
Who would be a pastor in the church if I was not to appoint?
And who would be a bishop?
Every single bishop in the church was consecrated as a bishop by me, from Bishop Sake and Bishop Eddie to the rest, to all the first level.
Every single one of them.
I consecrated a late hands of them and appointed them.
So I mean, you may not want me, but I'm still there.
You get what I'm saying?
I'm trying to say that your father, your biological father,
Your ministry father, your spiritual father, you may not want to see how they are connected to your rise, but the truth is that they have a certain power.
Sometimes it's indirect and vague, but it is still there.
And they do cause your rise in life.
Sometimes it's very direct, very direct.
Sometimes it's indirect.
Yes.
Sometimes it's vague, but it is still there.
So that's one of the powers of a father.
He can cause your rise.
The second power that he has is that he can cause your fall, not by doing anything.
He has power, the way he is, he can cause you to fall.
Now, in Matthew chapter 11, like I told you, this is quite a short message,
When John had head in the prison, the works of Christ, he sent two disciples and said, are you here that is to come?
And Jesus answered, go and show John these things, the blind receive their sight and so on.
Then he said, he ended and he said, blessed is he who so ever shall not be offended in me.
Blessed is he who shall not be offended in me.
Now, one of the commonest things that happens is to be offended.
Now, the word offend, it means cause you to stumble.
It's like somebody who puts in the King James, you put a stick in front of you and you fall.
Now, a father has that ability.
No cases, I don't mean cases.
The next point is cases.
He can have the power to case.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm thinking about just how he is can offend you.
Do you see?
And very few of us have not been offended by fathers.
He can offend you.
And what does it mean to be offended?
When the person offends you, it's like you have a feeling to say something about the person.
Do you get what I'm saying?
Yes.
And when you do, and you turn against the person, and you start to speak, and then you become funny, do you see?
You know, it goes against you.
You see, first of all, people become familiar.
Like maybe the person is going to preach.
Then you say, ah, this man, before he preached, he would sing.
So you tell somebody,
Anointed will not come unless he sings.
As soon as he goes, he starts singing.
First of all, you started to analyze the person in a funny way.
And then you are sitting there laughing and say, oh, the lala is going to come just now.
Well, watch the lala is about to start.
Without the lala, there will be no anointing.
Then he comes on, then he starts to sing.
Then he said, ah, you see, I told you, Elallah has come.
Otherwise, there will be no anointing.
So it's like you've started to equalize the person and all you have for the person is coming down and then it's sort of like just talking.
But then it can progress.
You see, where you now speak, there are different ways of speaking.
You can complain.
Miriam, completion, Mehmet, that's undertone.
We have a lot of that too.
How many have been made before?
You start coming down.
All these things, Miriam got leprosy.
She got a severe illness from which it's not easy to recover.
There are things you can recover from.
She had leprosy.
God had mercy on her and she was delivered from it.
But there are diseases you can't recover from.
Conditions you can't come out of.
That's a curse.
Then the Bible says that whosoever speak, and this one, they were just discussing the marriage.
They were discussing the marriage of Moses.
Marriage is not between two spirits.
It's between two humans.
There will always be something to say about people's marriages.
Yes.
Because marriage is not between spirits, it's between humans.
So they were talking about the marriage and the choice that he had made.
People love to discuss the choice that an important person makes when he chooses someone.
Yes?
You watch and see.
People love to analyze.
Ah!
Who is it?
Who has he chosen?
So there's comments and commentaries.
Yes.
Then the Bible says that whoever speaks a word against, you see, then we move to against.
You see, first we move to analysis just
like it almost looks a little neutral, sometimes funny or harmless.
Then it moves to memory.
Then it moves to speaking against.
That's where the speech is described as damaging or poisonous or malicious.
And Bible says that whosoever speaks against the son of man, he will be forgiven.
If you speak against the holy ghost, you will not be forgiven.
It means it is a sin.
So, sons can eat, by the way, what about something that a person does or is, can stir you up and you speak against it.
So, children who have broken homes or your father has a girlfriend, do you see?
Are you with me?
Are you listening to my preaching?
My father has a girlfriend, apart from your mother.
You get it?
It can easily be a reason for you to speak against your father.
Yes, because sweet mama is always a sweet mama.
You can never see something wrong with your mother in your life.
What can your mother do bad?
But you may not know limited till you grow up.
You know, somebody from a company called YMNK.
You may never know limited.
Every girl here sitting here is capable of being a witch.
A witch is a female.
If you are a girl, you are capable.
Every sweet looking girl here is capable of being a witch.
No matter how sweet you are and how nice your hair is today.
You are capable of being a witch.
And you are capable of being, you may not even be a general witch, you may be a personalized witch.
Yes.
Somebody's personal witch.
Please, I hope you are listening to my preaching.
Yes.
Yeah.
So you need to be careful as you speak because as you speak against
Yes.
Then you start invoking things.
The person hasn't kissed you.
He hasn't kissed you.
All he has done is to be your father.
And you have spoken against him.
And whoever repays good with evil, evil shall never depart from him.
So that one alone puts evil in your way.
Yeah.
Now you have to be careful.
Yes.
Now, I was saying that if you, for instance, your father has a girlfriend, you see, you may not know how your mother is.
Or you don't even know the circumstances, but it's one of the big, common provocations.
Say, are your father, and if your mother talks a lot, she will be telling you every day, your father is some useless man, there's nothing he will not sleep with.
Everything that he gets is whatever he's like this and that.
Yes, I've been going through this for 20 years.
They said that you don't know how to suffer.
He didn't want to look after you.
They said that and that.
Meanwhile, in your head day when you were young, freaky girl with a lot of calves, you were enchanting him, casting a spell on him when he was going another direction.
Not knowing that you are the witch.
But now you are wearing mama, you are wearing clothes.
Nobody knows that you are the witch of his life.
And sometimes the spell that you have cast on the man.
And brothers, don't just eat anybody's food though.
Sometimes, yes.
But you see that the power is coming over you as you receive.
Receiving of gifts is a channel for casting spells.
Yes.
It's a channel for casting spells.
Eating food and you probably realize your mind is changing.
You don't just start eating.
Satisfy your hunger before you go out.
Yes.
Now, listen.
So, you'll find out that the person is rather casting a spell on you.
One man, you see, he met a lady.
who became his girlfriend.
He was married, he had his children.
And he met a young lady and she cast a spell on him.
And so he married, I mean he was with her.
But as he was growing older he realized that the girlfriend has, I mean has charmed him.
That's what I say cast a spell, like your mind has changed.
But as he grew older he realized that this girl has cast a spell on me.
So he didn't know how to,
come out because he was deep.
His wife was at another place, and he was also at another place, and how to come out.
Many people don't know how to come out.
They can't come out.
So one day he went to make his will, you see, and secretly
He made his will and gave everything to his wife, his original of whom he has left.
So when he died suddenly, the girlfriend who has been staying with him happily ever after, she was there when they came to inform her that while you are staying has been given to somebody.
She didn't have anywhere.
He threw her out, gave her nothing and gave everything to his wife.
But God, he realized that, hey, the girl has charmed him power to leave her husband, to leave his wife and come this way.
So it was a last minute, muta him it.
Any spell you are under is broken today in Jesus' name.
Don't eat everywhere.
Don't drink any water.
You know, when a woman is feared or suspected of committing adultery, the Bible says they will make some water and they will give it to her to drink.
And if she drinks it and she swells up, you see, then she is guilty.
And so the way of transmitting the curse was to give her the water to drink.
Do you understand?
Yes, so they give her
the water and it becomes a curse.
So the way to transmit the curse was to give you something to drink.
That's why I don't drink every water.
And every, I don't drink things, where people offer me, we don't have a drink, I say, thank you.
You don't have to receive every drinking, eating.
You've gone to someone's house, you open your stomach wide, as if you're having an operation and they, you just eat everything meat, bring more, bring this, why?
Why were you trained?
Number three, your father has power to speak a curse.
Romans chapter 13 verse two, one and two.
Everyone must submit himself to governing authorities for there is no authority except that which God has established.
Listen, are you watching?
This is a verse we don't usually quote when we are talking about fathers.
Please change it to, yes, governing authorities.
Now it says, the authorities that exist have been established by God.
Consequently, he who rebels against the authority is rebelling against what God has instituted.
And those who do so will bring judgment on themselves.
Now, God has set authorities.
He has set pastors as authorities in churches.
He has set husbands as authorities in homes.
He has set governments as authorities in countries.
So when you rebel against the authority, you are rebelling against what God has said and will bring judgment.
So when somebody is both a pastor and a father, he's a double authority.
You see, like there are some people here, I'm both a pastor to you and also a father.
My authority is more.
There are things when I say them, they will happen.
Yeah.
It's what happened.
And I've noticed, sadly, that things that I have said over the years have happened.
Yes.
It's actually worries me, but I realize that it's also a protection.
Yeah.
Someone said, why am I speaking cases?
I'm speaking cases because Moses spoke cases.
Perhaps we should follow those who, through faith and patience, inherit the promises.
I'm following that.
Yes.
Moses spoke a lot of cases.
And how else can I control you when I don't see you?
I have to put a case here so that when you cross this line, a snake will bite you.
It's true.
How can I control the church far from me where I am not?
Where people want to destroy
what God has done.
Yes.
I have to speak certain words that anyone who destroys the church may God destroy his life too.
That's why I watch people destroying this church and I see God destroying their lives.
Recently I saw someone his life was completely destroyed because
He inspired many people to rebel against me.
Yes.
And at the time he did that, he was riding high.
He was working for a Jewish company.
And he was prospering.
Things were working.
He was strong speaking words.
Today is painless.
Painless.
With nothing.
Begging.
I've watched it.
over the years.
So you must be careful with fathers.
They have power to speak.
And when they say something about you, you should be careful because you realize that it will happen in a way that you can't even believe.
One of the things about cases is that you can't imagine how it can happen.
Like, you can't imagine how till it is happening.
And you say, hey, I never knew that this can turn around and become this.
I can't even believe it.
Yeah.
That's it.
So you need to be careful, especially when you are dealing with father and
You need to rather get the good things because he has power.
Your earthly father has power.
There are times I wish I could resurrect my father from the dead for him to bless me.
I wish I could raise him from the dead.
Are you there?
Yes.
Now, when you look at Noah, Noah was in his house.
He was in his tent.
He was in his private corner.
Now, when somebody is in his private corner, you should be careful when you come there.
But he was in his private world.
As some of you, you are not good as private people.
You are not private.
Your eyes are not good eyes.
You should only be in the congregation.
You should never come close.
You should never see even the card that the person drives.
It's not good for you.
It doesn't help you.
It destroys you.
One day, somebody went to a pastor's house.
Why are you so quiet?
And when he went to the house, he saw, I don't know, some gadgets and including a satellite dish.
And that satellite dish was not so common.
And when he came back, he said,
I have decided that I will never pay tithes again because of the gadgets that I saw in my the pastor's house.
He's using our money to buy those gadgets.
Those gadgets.
He shouldn't have gone to the house to visit.
Never be offended if the pastor says, they say, can I come to see you in the house?
Don't come to the house.
Come to the office.
Come to the church.
Better for you.
Better for your eyes.
Don't try to go nearer.
You may not be John.
John is the one who looked.
John was looking.
The last picture of Jesus is not the picture of Jesus in the suit standing and preaching like this.
The last picture of Jesus on this earth ever seen by humans was crucified naked on a cross.
That thing where they put on those little panties, it is just a respectful thing that is done.
They were crucified naked as dogs and animals.
Do you think all the Romans could crucify people on the road for miles, 10 miles long?
They crucify every 100 meters.
They crucify somebody.
Do you think they were putting panties on everybody?
The last thing was Jesus looking most awkward.
Most awkward and most uncomfortable.
But Stanley there was John, Mary, his mother, Mary Magdalene.
with love eyes of feeling.
They were the only people there.
They were standing, looking.
That's the last picture.
Not everybody is John.
John said what we handled, what we looked on, what we saw.
That's what we are telling you, that is the word of life.
He didn't say something bad about him.
He's a word of life.
What we saw him, we touched him.
It's not a bad thing.
Not all of you are good.
Some of your minds are full of poisonous and damaging words.
Malicious.
You are like a snake under there.
The city.
People arrest him but they don't know that you are there.
So Noah was in his tent.
What Ham forgot, when Ham went to say that his father is drunk, what he forgot was that it is his father's efforts that have saved him.
And that his father has great power over him as his son whom he has saved.
And that is the person that he was making fun of.
Or even making a comment that makes him low.
up to today we all see when people are mentioning bad bad like great people who have bad problems they will say Abraham sold his wife this one did this and they will say they had Noah was drunk that's what they say about Noah because of him up to today because of him this is how they talk about Noah the man who saved the whole world because of you
Somebody has a chance to talk rubbish.
So, when Noah woke up from the sleep, he cursed him.
And when he cursed him, that's what is happening.
Whether you believe it or not, you know, you just have to go there to see.
I was in Nicaragua.
There's a place in 1847.
People were brought there from Ghana.
It's a whole town.
I sent a missionary to Colombia, a town called Catahena.
That's where the black people were brought.
When he went there, a white Colombian was asked, what are you coming to do here?
He said, I'm coming as a missionary.
The lady said, you are not serious.
Do you know this place?
He said, no, I've come here.
I'm coming as a missionary.
So the lady said, you don't know where you have come to.
Let me show you.
Because she was concerned for him that he was here, lost his way to come to that town.
So she took a car, she took him in a car, my missionary, and took him to, he said, let me show you.
He said, the place you are for tourists, let me show you this town.
Then she took him inside, come and see.
If even if you think Ghana is not good, you can't even believe the kind of place people.
Then my mistress said, yeah, I now see why you sent me here.
Bizarre.
That's why the black people are a lot of pulome.
They are black like you think they are from Cape Coast.
Yes.
Whether it's India, whether it's Colombia, whether it's Panama, whether it's America, whether it's the whole world.
You know, recently I invited somebody to come to Ghana to preach when he went back.
You know, you have to be polite when you're around.
But when he went back, he told, he said to one of the pastor, oh, our Christ is not nice.
Your country is not nice at all.
There's no nice at all.
It's just uncompleted.
There's incompleteness.
That's the truth.
Look outside.
You don't like it but it's true.
It's some way.
You may not know how.
You may not know where.
it will happen.
Why would I curse?
I curse because there are certain things I cannot control.
I speak them.
I curse Judas in my life.
Anyone practicing Judas, Absalom, from the bottom of my heart, I curse you.
From the bottom of my heart.
Yes.
You know something?
You need to be careful as children.
Your father is a source of inheritance and good things.
But he can be the source of the most debilitating cases of your life.
Yes.
Are you with me?
So rise up and benefit from the power.
Number four, he has a power to bless you.
He has a power to bless you.
This is my book.
I don't know if you know what you are writing.
It's nice to write.
Your father can bless you.
You know, some years ago,
There was a young girl.
Her father said he would not allow her to marry somebody.
But it was like they wanted to marry.
So they married secretly.
You know, those days we are not how we are now.
When we see somebody who said, my father says he doesn't want me to marry, please leave it.
Leave it.
Those who will not leave it.
do it.
But if you like, you can do what you want.
Look, that girl, she died at 37 and I was there when she was dying.
Yeah.
The Bible said, let me die the death of a righteous man.
Let me not die the death of a wicked.
When I left the world, she screamed till the morning when she died.
When I was praying with her, she looked at me and she said, Bishop, I don't know if I was Bishop then or pastor or whatever.
She said, Bishop, are you afraid?
And I was afraid.
I said I wasn't afraid, but I didn't know.
Gosh, forgive me for my lies.
I was afraid.
Are you afraid?
As I sat by her, her face, her eyes, her head was swollen.
bumps on her head like this.
And I had, when I laid hands on her, I felt the first one.
Like satellites.
Her wounds were dissolving.
She will, she screamed the whole night.
And she died.
Young lady.
Her father said, I don't like this person.
I like him.
I mean, love.
You are in love.
One day, one of my pastors' wife died, but I didn't know the background.
I didn't know the background.
So one day we were having a meeting.
Are you still listening?
I'm preaching.
We were having a meeting and he said, he said, I want to, I just want to say something.
He said, when I was going to marry my wife, the family they were from, I think another tribe.
They said, we don't want it.
We don't want it.
But he said, he forced and married her.
Then he said, one day his wife told him, when I lift a bucket, I find it difficult to lift it.
That's all.
When I lift her back and I find it difficult to lift.
So he said, okay, don't lift it.
Lift with the other hand.
So she lift with the other hand, but this one is finding weak.
So first it was this wrist lifting.
Then after some time, the shoulder.
Do you see my shoulder like this?
Then after that, here.
She couldn't lift.
Then after that, this one.
and the two started to feel weak.
Then after that, the leg.
I'm telling you a true story.
He described it.
Then, till she could not move.
He bathed her.
He did everything for her.
And she laid quietly for about two years.
Quiet.
And then she died.
There was no fever, nothing.
And he stood and he said, he said, I just want to say, based on my experience, if a family says, if the father says, I don't like this thing.
Listen to your father.
Do what he says.
He said, that's all.
It's my experience and I buried my wife.
You may not know how or where and even in the church sometimes a pastor will tell you, leave this thing, leave it.
God has spoken, sorry.
Do this.
One day, one of my pastors, he was having serious crisis, but he was being counseled by others.
So then he came to me or he came to me.
When he came to me, he immediately said, Bishop, you said it, you said it, you said it.
I didn't even start speaking because I had told him before.
I said, this thing, watch it, it's going to become like this.
So friends, fathers have the power to curse and they also have the power to withhold their blessings.
Sometimes they will not curse you but they withhold their blessings.
Okay.
Do what you want.
And at other times, they have the power like Isaac blessed Jacob.
He said, care said are you.
Those who care you.
Bless are those who bless you.
Yes.
Prosper, increase.
And that was it.
Those words are ringing.
I pray that you will get a blessing even in church.
You know, all this from full respect that is not respect.
Oh, I want to come and show you my beloved.
When the truth is you are way decided.
I mean, what are we going to do about what you are coming to show us?
From full respect.
You decided your own life.
So watch out.
Then number five, I told you today is short.
a father has a supernatural power to know what is right.
Yes.
He has a supernatural power to know what is the right thing.
What Ephesians 6 says that obey your parents in the Lord.
For this is the right thing.
The right thing for you is to obey what they are saying.
So they somehow
You end up saying the right thing for you as a child.
This is what?
Right.
That's the right thing.
Do it.
What should I do?
This is right.
Do the right thing.
You see our pastor here who gave himself to the ministry from business to ministry.
It's not that people are giving him houses and will give him more, watch and see.
It's not that he will get more, the business that he's doing, you didn't wonder what he was doing before.
Yes.
Are you still there?
You know, one day,
A person is a father to me from Malaysia.
He told me something.
He told me, he said, I know that you are doing crusades, but please preach your own church.
Don't stop preaching to your church.
He told me, he said that dogs know their owner.
Don't stop feeding them, yourself, yourself.
I said, I'll be there.
I do.
Another time he took, sometimes I sit with him, he put his fork in my plate, he said, eat it.
Eat it.
And you see me eating, hungry like a dog.
I don't easily eat things though, but he can make me eat, and his wife.
Eat.
There is a place you have to be humble and be a child.
Everybody has a master.
If you even get in your life for somebody to say, eat this.
It's good for you.
Are you listening?
How many points do you have?
Five.
I'm almost finished.
Now, number six, your father has supernatural power to cover his children or to protect his children.
Yes.
Psalm 91, he shall cover thee with his feathers and under his wings shall thou trust.
Amen.
Now, the last words of Jesus, one of the last seven last words
Father, into thy care, into thy hands, I commend my spirit.
I entrust.
As he was now descending into hell, into thy hands, I commend.
Father, into thy hand, I commend my spirit.
Yes.
Look at it on the screen.
Do what?
Father, what?
Into thy hands.
Into whose hands?
Your hands.
I trust your hands.
In this case, I trust your hand.
I trust you.
You see, when you don't trust your father, you are not a good son.
Because there are places where you have to just trust him.
Into your hands.
Whatever happens is your hands.
Trust in your hands.
People don't trust.
That's why people have secrets.
When you keep secret is because you don't trust.
If you trust, you will share.
This is it.
Whatever you do, do it.
But when you trust, here I am.
I'm a thief.
I'm a liar.
Help me.
Yes.
Into thy hands I commend my spirit.
And when God blesses you with a father,
He will meet your enemies.
You know, I've never given, one time I was with one of my pastors, the church wanted to destroy him.
And I met, I said, the whole church should come and meet them.
And I put the pastor behind me and I met them.
Hosea 13 verse eight.
I will meet them as a bear that is bereaved of her welps.
I'll do what?
I will meet them as a bear.
your father will meet them as a bear and it's true in the spirit he covers you and he meets your enemy as a bear who has been robbed which is a very dangerous animal too when you see a bear don't come out of your car when we go to our last car or any of these places and they are best you stay stay there I'll meet them
as a bear that is bereaved of her welps.
I will rend the call of their heart and I will devour them like a lion and the wild beast shall tear them.
That's it.
That's how a father is.
He'll meet you and meet the enemy in a way.
That is if you if you take the person as a father but if you don't take the person as a father he cannot do much for you.
That's why I say you cover you under his
feathers, his wings.
You see the chickens when the chicks come under and they walk with all of them like this.
Try that little chicken, you'll see you'll be hurt.
Yes.
One day I was playing golf, I think it was in Senegal, Dakar.
As I was walking, I was being attacked by bats.
Not knowing they have laid their eggs on the golf course.
So as I was going, they thought I was going for that.
Is it like like fighter bombers?
I mean in the show.
They were protecting their their eggs.
You are a precious egg in your father's hand.
And he rises up to fight for you.
Hallelujah.
Are you there?
Yes.
Okay.
How many points do you have?
And the last point.
power to feed his children.
That's why a man can stand in the same congregation and preach for every week.
It's as if he's now preaching.
Yes, you wonder what is coming next again from the same book.
Is it not true?
Because your father has a power to feed.
It's a mother's, every lady here who is not breastfeeding, your breast is dry.
Milk, something is coming out.
Is something wrong?
There's a problem.
If milk is coming when you are not pregnant, it's a problem.
Or blood, very serious problem.
Nothing should be coming.
It's when you are pregnant, God gives you power to have milk.
So you have the power to feed.
So that's why you become dry.
Yesterday, somebody sent me a picture of one of my pigs and it has become, it looks even like a dog.
It has become so lean from the hammer time.
I thought it was a joke.
You know, pigs are round.
It has become straight.
I said, I've not seen a pig like this before.
And some of you, instead of being round, you become slim like this because you don't listen to podcasts.
You don't listen to message.
You become like a slim pig.
Today marks the end of missing out on your father's feeding power over your life.
After our church on Sunday, you must have the message and be plain.
You cannot pass a week without listening to the Sundays preaching again.
Just leave it on because you see, it is long and it is like just talking.
But you see, you remember things.
You never as if you were not in church.
But didn't hear this part.
Is it not true?
How many are having the podcast to listen every time you must be soaking it in?
What a blessing to you.
is a power to feed.
That's why when I can sit down and listen to certain people when they are preaching, it's like it's never finishing.
You don't want it to finish.
You'll be reading the book and you'll be saying it's getting too fast to the end.
So today, you'll never grow lean anymore spiritually.
Yes, God is blessing you.
What are the seven powers that your father has over your life?
Number one is what?
He has a power to do what?
To be a stepping stone to make you rise.
Your father can cause you to rise.
Number two, a father can cause you to fall, isn't it?
The same person.
Number three, to speak a curse.
Go and ask Ham.
We don't even have to go and ask Ham.
We are the Ham's.
Number four,
bless you when as Israel.
Yes.
Hey, when you next time you are in Israel, sit by the window.
Sit by the window when you are going to Israel and look out of the window and you see Tel Aviv.
It's like you are looking at New York City.
You can't even believe it.
High tech city.
And Tel Aviv is the old in the Bible when we read Joppa.
Jaffa.
Joppa.
That is Tel Aviv.
Number five.
He has supernatural power to what?
To know what is right.
Don't you agree?
When a little child, your father says, do this, do this.
Is it not right?
Rarely is it wrong.
Very rarely is it wrong.
And number six.
Supernatural power to do what?
To protect.
Yes.
Under thy wings.
How many want the protection of your father?
Do you know that that is one area that few people ever have?
Because people are not open.
So they don't get that protection.
It's true.
Yes.
One day somebody came, shared something with me, and I immediately said, start this treatment now.
You will not be able to have a child in three years' time.
And I mean, start now.
Do this, this, this, this.
And the person has the children.
Yes.
But it was because I knew.
When I saw, I said, oh no, this one is going to become this.
Let's do this now, otherwise you will be struggling.
But if you are not open, you can never know.
So the care that you would have had, you don't have.
And the last one, the power to feed, to feed.
And you will notice when your father is feeding you or your mother's breast milk, that's what they want to.
They don't want SMA.
Do they still make SMA?
Lactogen, yeah.
Lift your hands.
May the blessing, listen, put your hands down.
Do you hear me blessing you every Sunday?
That's the power of your father.
Yes.
That's what I'm using.
Every Sunday I bless you.
Yes.
Or if not notice it.
I didn't use to do that before, some years ago.
You don't hear that on the preaching, but now you hear blessings.
Even the prayers are like blessings.
Yes.
Blessings.
That's the power of the Father.
Stand to your feet.
Father, thank you for your power that is working.
Your healing that is working.
We love you.
We praise you for the powers of a father that are released in our lives.
We give you thanks.
We give you praise.
We give you honor.
Bless every hand that is lifted up to be delivered from the folly of dishonoring fathers.
Grant us the grace to get most
out of the fathers God has given to us.
Thank you.
In Jesus' name.
Look at me for a moment please.
You know, I want to say something.
If I'm prosperous today, I think that most of the blessings came through the family, not work.
When I say the family life, my father made me go to school.
Yes.
He made me do certain things.
And I got certain things.
Yes, it may be small.
It may look at it, but without that, I will not be.
If I was not a doctor, my preaching would be different.
It's true.
So watch out.
Your father may be the greatest source.
All your work may not amount to much.
What your father will do for you?
Maybe more.
Don't say, oh, my father is a poor man, so this preaching doesn't apply.
No, we are not talking about that.
Don't be silly.
Who said that?
Is he standing by you?
Is it in the corner?
They didn't come today.
But I heard it.
I heard somebody saying that the father is a former.
Okay.
Whatever is due you through the
May you receive it.
May you not be one of the children who does not inherit from his father.
Whether spiritual blessings, biological blessings, financial blessings.
May you not be one of the children who is excluded in the name of Jesus.
May you live to enjoy the power of a father over your life.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
for what you have done our lives today in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Every head bound, every eye closed, if you are here today, you want to give your life to Jesus.
I want to pray with you.
Maybe somebody invited you, but you want to give your life to Jesus Christ.
You want to be born again.
If you are here like that, then raise up your right hand.
I'm going to pray with you right now.
God bless you.
God, I see your hand.
I see your hand.
Come to me if you've lifted your hand from where you are.
Come all the way.
your hands up and I want to pray with you.
Say Jesus, please forgive me for my sins.
Today, I humble myself.
I ask you to wash me with the blood of Jesus.
Please write my name in the book of life.
I am a sinner.
I don't know you but today I want to know you.
to come into my life.
Change me.
Lord Jesus.
Write my name in the book of life.
Thank you Lord.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
God bless you.
I'm going to give you one of my books.
Hello?
I'm giving you one of my books as a gift.
When we close, come to this corner here.
Say
pray with you again before you go home.
Okay?
God bless you.
You may be seated and it's time for Holy Communion.
Now, take your bread everybody.
Take your bread.
Are you listening?
Hello?
I don't know what type of bread they gave you, but the bread that they gave me, is this what we call Lebanese bread, or I don't know what you call it, and living bread.
But that is a kind of bread they eat in the Middle East.
So when I was in Beirut, they told us that we are going to have a feast, but not knowing that the feast was this type of bread with some small vegetables.
You get it?
So this is the type of bread that Jesus broke.
And he said, take, this is my body.
Which is broken for you.
So they tear it.
They tear it.
Jesus' body was torn apart for me and for you.
Father, as we come before your table, thank you for power that comes into our life through the broken body of Jesus Christ.
Whatever is broken in us, because you were broken, we shall be repaired.
The beatings you receive for us, Lord, because of those beatings, we are delivered in the name of Jesus Christ from pain that we should not bear anymore in this life.
Let pain go out of your life and let brokenness go out of your life.
the body of Jesus Christ.
How the blood.
Jesus said to his disciples, if you being evil, you being what?
Evil.
We are evil.
If the disciples were evil, then what about us?
More evil after 2000 years, more evil.
Today, there's good news.
By this blood, your mistakes, your sins, your wretchedness, my wretchedness and my evil is being washed by the blood.
You'll be able to stand in the presence of God.
You'll be able to stand and face devils and demon powers.
because of this blood that has made you a new person.
The blood of Jesus Christ.
Lift your hands.
May the Lord make his face to shine on you.
May you shine brighter and brighter.
May your life change levels in 2020.
May your financial life change levels in 2020.
May your spiritual life change levels in 2020.
May you answer the call of God in 2020.
May you cause many people to tend to righteousness in 2020.
They will call for you in 2020.
What you are not seeking for will be added to you in 2020.
I declare this blessing over your life.
Every journey which is to end in bloodshed because of the blood of Jesus which you have received today.
Number one, you will not be on that journey.
Number two, if you are on the journey, you will be exempted
In the name of Jesus.
Every plane, car or bus that is earmarked for death by the blessing of the lord you are escaping from that car.
Every medical diagnosis, negative
come against it now in Jesus' name.
Throughout 2020, you will be declared healthy and happy.
In the name of Jesus.
Whatever takes away your joy.
That started in 2019 and is trying to continue into 2020.
I say to you, by the name of Jesus, by the blood of Jesus, stop where you are in Jesus' name.
every 2019 problem cannot continue into 2020 in Jesus name.
Let your hand and thank God that the problems of 2019 cannot, I say they cannot continue into 2020 in the name of Jesus Christ.
Any coffin that is being made now for you to go and
The coffin that you will sleep in has not been made and will not be made for a long time to come.
In the name of Jesus.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
The blessing of the Lord rest on you.
The blessing of the Lord rest on your family.
The blessing of the Lord rest on your house.
targeted your family earmark your house and your life for distraction.
I request that I'm rubber where he is right now.
It will never happen.
It's impossible.
It's impossible for you to be attacked this year in Jesus name.
Whatever the government cannot do cannot provide security for you.
Receive angelic security right now.
Receive angelic security.
in the name of Jesus Christ.
And everybody shout out your loudest amen.
God bless you.